right now it's the moment you've been
waiting for you know when High School
Musical 2 was broadcast earlier this
year on Disney Channel the ratings went
through the roof
well now the cast is here for a very
special Christmas version of one of the
movies hit songs it is Vanessa Hudgens
Ashley Tisdale Corbin Bleu and Monique
Coleman joining them are performers from
the live stage show that was inspired by
the movies and appears every day at
Disney's California Adventure and
Disney's Hollywood Studios in Florida so
ladies and gentlemen what time is it
good be chillin out the precious
mistletoe is hanging so I'm here to stay
everybody's going crazy
right now
on Christmas Day
we can see bonds